doc: more details (#6)
dunglas/frankenphp-demo: README.md

A demo app using [FrankenPHP](https://frankenphp.dev) that uses
Symfony and API Platform.

> ## Prerequisite

Reviewer: Can we drop this section? Actually, there are no prerequisites, this project works even without FrankenPHP.

Author: Yes, but the goal is to test FrankenPHP, no? And we can't without docker.

Reviewer: Docker is easier but entirely optional: https://github.com/dunglas/frankenphp/blob/main/docs/compile.md

Author: Done.

    dunglas/frankenphp
```

Build the database (it uses a local SQLite database stored in `var/data.db`):

```

> bin/console doctrine:database:create

Reviewer: This isn't necessary with SQLite.

Author: Indeed.

bin/console doctrine:migrations:migrate --no-interaction
```

> Insert some data (or use the [API Platform](https://localhost/api/monsters) swagger interface):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Insert some data (or use the [API Platform's Swagger UI](https://localhost/api/monsters)):
```
